---
layout: post
title: "Be evil"
date: 2013-11-12 23:47
comments: true
published: false
categories:
  - articles
  - geek
  - web
---

Totally in draft mode right now. Things to mention:

- Google is REALLY pushing Chrome in an annoying way
- Certain functions on Google+ only work on Chrome (e.g. photo editing - include screenshot)
- Youtube comments now require Google+. Include ideas from comments on posts by Gunarolla and Jon's World:

As someone who can be described as a casual Youtube user, I need to say two things:

1. You are aware most people only watch videos, right? Most Youtube users are blissfully unaware (or couldn't care less) about the community aspect. It really doesn't matter if one needs a Google account or G+ profile to post - almost everybody has a Google account anyway.

2. While Youtube is nothing without content creators, you must realize it's just one of many possible platforms out there.

Youtube it's a *free* service provided by a *for-profit* company. Most people already know what this means, but it doesn't hurt to stress this: *if you're not paying, you really have no say in whatever decisions they make.*

From Google's standpoint, they're doing you a favour. Video files are huge and showing them to a big audience requires lots of servers, software and bandwidth - in other words, several things that cost a lot of money.

Yet, they give you all of this for "free" (imagine me air-quoting like an idiot); all they ask is a couple of pageviews so they can show some ads and pay their bills. But, since it's a "free" service, they can change their minds at any moment and simply close Youtube, just like they did with Google Reader. The only reason they don't do it is because they're profiting from it. In other words, they don't care much if you don't like it, as long as you keep using it.

So, unless everybody decides to leave it, Google will put on their pixelated glasses and say "deal with it".

Does this mean I like it? No. It only means they won't listen unless everybody moves off to Vimeo (or something similar).
